Reviewer: Robert Noble

#### **Summary**

Led the Indeed Questions team to significant accomplishment, delivering great value in the IQ space as well as helping other teams to be successful.

##### **Execution**

\+

##### **Initiative**

\+

##### **Innovation**

\=

##### **Impact**

\+

#### **Justification**

### **impact+ IQ Team Goals and Highlights**

* **Goals**  
  * Avg \# of high utility questions per job: Target \= 1, Actual \= 0.7 (up from 0.6 at start of qtr)  
  * % of high utility question suggestions accepted: Target \= 50%, Actual \= 80%  
* **Highlights**  
  * Defined 2 measures of question utility and identified highest utility questions by job/locale/job-type  
    * Suggesting high utility questions has increased employer positive response rate by 8%  
  * Demonstrated [Employer willingness](https://go.indeed.com/IQLPFGANGZ) to include job details in their job posting  
  * Helped ProfIO team exceed their goal (100 MM profiles) by sending them [70 MM writes](https://go.indeed.com/IQL4RCTM93)  
  * Pilot customer for Next Steps platform: answering our question is correlated with [decreasing non-qualified applies](https://go.indeed.com/IQLTZNT8PN), and our card has the [second highest rate of positive interactions](https://go.indeed.com/AAN92C) of any NextSteps card.  
  * Helped Challenge Markets with en\_IN goals around decreasing both employer & jobseeker spam (iql [1](https://go.indeed.com/IQLEG8PZHP), [2](https://go.indeed.com/IQLKW83K2X), [3](https://go.indeed.com/IQLMCFHW8A))  
  * Helped Dradis Platform team meet goals by getting a platform-based sheet taking traffic in production with another currently launched dark.  
  * 6 new question types, increasing total by [50%](https://go.indeed.com/IQL9D68EMZ), including many "firsts" which pave the way for new classes of questions.  
    * Localized education: first question with different available answers depending on locale  
    * Nursing degree: first vertical-specific question  
    * Shift availability: first multi-select question available to employers (made available to job-seekers in Q3)  
    * Job distance  
    * Start date  
    * Willingness to travel  
  * Continued service reliability: [over 5 9’s](https://go.indeed.com/IQL6TTNXKR) on almost 1.5B calls

### **impact+ exec+ Leadership/Mentorship**

* Led team composed of 6 SWEs, 2 PMs, 1 QA, 1 Data Scientist, 1 UX Designer  
  * Weekly 1:1 meetings with all for coaching, product planning, weekly report & guidance on developmental activities, etc.  
* init+ Advised CASS & CPQA teams on benefits (and gotchas) of Pipeline deploys. CPQA has adopted it, and CASS is ready to migrate now that Pipeline supports Dradis platform plugins.  
* Focused on 2 design reviews this quarter: UID2 and IQ's own Job Details  
  * David Cahill, TF: *"Evan joined the UID2 design review doc early in the process, attended the design review meeting, and provided useful insights and ideas. For example, he pointed out that some aspects of the design could be affected by native threads vs green threads, and provided several ideas around byte alignment"*  
* Consistently updated documentation and encouraged team members to do likewise  
  * Weekly planning [meeting notes](https://go.indeed.com/IQL3DRADW8)  
  * Assigned Suzannah the task of helping external teams improve onboarding docs where IQ was an early adopter, including ProfIO, NextSteps, and Tomcat Mesos migration.  
* Lots of coaching and coordination around [Job details design review](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sceXhZ979hONVE44jdl8jpLW8V2rbHwXseuji6P-18I/edit), enabling our upcoming big Q1 initiative.  
  * Provided guidance & feedback to Yada in job details design doc so as to deliver value incrementally (with stakeholders including ProfIO, JSFE, and SMB Hiring)  
  * Coordinated job details design review follow-up conversations to drive consensus and clarify the path forward  
  * Consulted with Rahul & EdG around potential storage locations (including MySQL vs MongoDB) for job details in advance of the design review  
  * Quote from Eric Riedel, SWE: *" I think Evan did a great job at repeatedly explaining our product and technical rationale to everyone interested. I think his advocacy for the project was a big reason why we were able to complete the design and begin on the implementation this quarter."*  
  * Quote from Yada Zhai, SWE: *"Evan provided awesome feedback on the design doc, and I'm super thankful he stepped in during the design review to answer some hard questions I wasn't prepared to answer."*  
  * Missed opportunity to engage Yada on alternate high-value project while we were waiting (at length) for final design approval.  
* Encouraged Yibo and Yada to change their approach to the localized education question, resulting in a new design which is more adaptable to international team requirements  
* Provided design review oversight to Yue, which led to a change in how question relevance is calculated.  
* Reviewed our ProfIO integration and coordinated with them & Suzannah (IQ SWE) to improve it  
* Restructured IQ team into focus areas, leading to lots of efficiencies. \*Quote from Eric Riedel, SWE: *"I think the changes Evan implemented, such as split meetings and standups, have enabled me to be much more focused on the things I care about, and I see this as something that will make the growth of our team much more sustainable moving forward."*  
* Helped data scientist understand how to gather the necessary data from a variety of sources to build a question utility model.  
  * Quote from Alex Thomas, DataSci: *"Evan has provided steady consistent leadership to the team. This quarter I had a task that involved combining data sets from many places; his broad knowledge \- not just of the teams data and technology, but of the more general ecosystem \- has been invaluable."*  
  * Quote from Annette Taberner-Miller, DataSci Mgr: *"Evan's feedback and technical support throughout the quarter has helped Alex better contribute to team goals, effectively collaborate with team members, execute on opportunities, and grow professionally."*

### **init+ Event Handling & Prevention**

Consistently chipped in to help with events in the general SMB Hiring space by debugging, measuring impact, suggesting action items, and helping to coordinate efforts across teams.

* Helped clarify root cause, impact, and corrective actions for [EVNT-1057](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-1057) (incorrect auto-rejection due to proctor test deletion)  
* Led parallel investigation of [CSP-65394](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/CSP-65394)/[EVNT-1085](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-1085)/[EVNT-1086](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-1086) (visaCheck attribute led to inability to edit jobs), providing frequent updates on the ticket and in Slack.  
* Helped clarify root cause, impact, and corrective actions for [EVNT-1093](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-1093) (employers incorrectly assigned to CPQA test group lose requirement strictness settings)  
* Coordinated with SMB Hiring Backend team to set safe throttling limits in support of their ElasticSearch candidate backfill, preventing production impact.

### **impact+ Recruiting**

26 interview events

* 7 architecture interviews (led, led with shadow, or reverse shadowed)  
* 10 whiteboard interviews (shadowed 1, led or reverse-shadowed 9\)  
* 3 industry phone interviews (led or reverse-shadowed)  
* 6 UR phone interviews (reverse-shadowed)

#### **Next Steps**

* Push your PMs to define an early roadmap for the Job Details project.  
* You're an awesome code reviewer. Define an action plan to make your new engineers strong as well. Consider leading by "more" example.

#### **Career Focus**

* As your team grows, your coaching obligations will increase. Make smart trade-offs between your org impact and team impact. You have a lot of junior engineers. Make sure your team is unblocked and you're available as coaching opportunities arise.

#### **Overall Rating**

Exceeds Expectations  
	  
