Reviewer: Robert Noble

#### **Summary**

XXX has coached a large team of junior or inexperienced-with-Indeed devs to deliver substantial improvements in core SMB metrics, while providing new services in support of other teams' goals.

##### **Execution**

\+

##### **Initiative**

\=

##### **Innovation**

\=

##### **Impact**

\+

#### **Justification**

### **IQ Team Goals and Highlights**

* delayedImpact2018Q1 Job details improvements  
  * Mutual Engagements per job: [\+4.1%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLN3CPFCE) \-- from 7.17(65K/9.1K) to 7.46(40K/5.3K))  
  * Jobseeker responsiveness: [\+30%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLRPTMM78) \-- from 4.5%(271K/6.02M) to 5.9%(500K/8.51M)  
  * New employer job post conversion rate: [\+16%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLFZ3H9NZ) \-- from 6.8%(555/8.1K) to 7.9%(919/11.5K)  
  * Impressions per job: [\+14%](https://go.indeed.com/IQL9468GP6) \-- from 1.4K(185M/135K) to 1.6K(67M/43K)  
  * Applies per job: [\+14%](https://go.indeed.com/IQL24ZEE6T) \-- from 25(3.7M/144K) to 29(1.3M/46K)  
  * XXX was instrumental in getting the original [job details design review](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sceXhZ979hONVE44jdl8jpLW8V2rbHwXseuji6P-18I/edit) over the finish line.  
* FutureImpact Started gathering jobseeker preferences & providing appropriate search links in MyIndeed  
* impact+ Rolled out revamped ScreenerQuestion UI, increasing both post (+3%) & sponsorship (+6%) rates for new employers: ([teststats](https://teststats.sandbox.indeed.net/draw_iqplugin))  
  * XXX worked closely with UX and Product to ensure that the fresh design had intuitive behaviors and clear calls-to-action  
* impact+ Added new experience suggestion model to improve experience question adoption rate  
  * Jobs with at least one experience suggestion: [\+36%](https://go.indeed.com/IQL7H7G3AC) \-- from 49%(131K/264K) to 68%(179K/264K)  
  * Jobs with at least one experience requirement: [\+6.8%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLC8CC462) \-- from 55%(145K/264K) to 59%(155K/264K)  
  * Experience requirements per job: [\+10%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLPRKH3RE) \-- from 0.75(199K/264K) to 0.83(220K/264K)  
* 8 new question types released this quarter ([25 \-\> 33](https://go.indeed.com/IQLTY2YW2T))  
  * Reduced required new Java files per question from 6 to 2\.  
  * Reduced dev time per question from a couple days to a couple hours (for SWEs new to the codebase).  
  * Localized education expanded to 63 countries: [\+40%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLAX2AC9R) adoption rate compared to legacy education question \-- from 14%(936K/6.6M) to 20%(880K/4.4M)  
* Asked jobseekers what they want to know about jobs (NextSteps).  
  * Collected 800k answers to 14 questions across 5 industries. ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQLTMRX34T))  
* Achieved GDPR compliance  
* FutureImpact Implemented predictJobseekerAnswers API support InstantMatch  
* FutureImpact Implemented Screener Question faceting support for CQ team's new candidate list view

### **exec+ impact+ Leadership/Mentorship**

* Led team composed of 9 SWEs (4 permanent (1 SWE0, 3 SWE1s), 2 pre-IU, 2 rotators, 1 intern, 1 PM, 2 QAEs, 2 Data Scientists (1 full-time, 1 rotator))  
  * Weekly 1:1 meetings with all for coaching, product planning, weekly report & guidance on developmental activities, etc.  
* Successfully introduced backlog prioritization & retrospective processes.  
  * Outcome: Introverted team members are now engaged and actively contributing to meeting outcomes.  
  * Quote from ChrisB, QA2: *"SWE engagement and ownership is much improved on the the IQ team, and a lot of that is due to Evan's work to engage team members. Almost without exception IQ SWE wiki contributions have at least doubled. Our meetings are better focused and more team members are contributing their opinions and proposing solutions during them."*  
* Provided substantial support to SWE0 on GDPR & NextSteps projects.  
* Presented successful SWE1-\>SWE2 LevelUp case for Eric Riedel.  
* 176 CR comments: 161 UpSource, 15 Crucible  
  * \~90% on other people's CRs ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQLFMYPHME))  
* Mgr Stats: 80 NPS, 9.2 Mgr Recommendation  
* Representative quotes:  
  * Dez Poland, SWE1: *"XXX has helped me with debugging, such as with help investigating where a problematic log was getting generated from. XXX also helped me learn how to configure IntelliJ to run resource tests that connect to MongoDB in prod."*  
  * Terry Sun, SWE1: *"During this quarter, a new feature containing a critical bug delivered by me blocked the candidate queue. XXX quickly came up with a hot-fix solution to unblock the queue to avoid further negative impact in prod. Then XXX gave me the instruction about how to fix the root cause and correct these corrupted data as well as optimize our service logic to prevent similar exception happening again."*  
  * Yibo Ji, SWE1: *"XXX cares about my improvement and performance. XXX gave many helpful guidance on my level-up docs in aspects of explanation, strength and opportunity, which help me grow."*  
  * Lane Spade, SWE2: *"XXX is a knowledgable and technically strong manager that knows the code well and contributes XXX's perspective and ideas to the team regularly."*

### **Individual/Technical Contributions**

* Got Nigma working in stage. ([4 tickets](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=id%20in%20%28NIGMA-1897%2CNIGMA-1999%2CNIGMA-2007%2CNIGMA-2008%29%20ORDER%20BY%20project%2C%20key))  
* Hotfixed bug where calculating optional info could fail a call. ([NIGMA-2058](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/NIGMA-2058))  
* Provided requirement facet names in support of CQ team's faceted candidate search project. ([4 tickets](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=id%20in%20%28NIGMA-2027%2CNIGMA-2120%2CNIGMA-2135%2CNIGMA-2155%29%20ORDER%20BY%20project%2C%20key))

### **impact+ Recruiting**

16 interview events

* 11 architecture interviews (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 3 whiteboard interviews (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 2 mock debriefs

#### **Next Steps**

* Identify anchors-in-training and coach them to shoulder more of the mentoring load for your team  
* Outside of the IQ team, our question utility is poorly understood. Drive the creation of artifacts that will help others to understand how our questions create value for both the employer and the job seeker, and explain how increased question adoption helps drive core business metrics.  
* Find mentors from outside your team and pair them up with your devs who are most in need of support. Help those devs to understand how to take advantage of the opportunity you've given them.  
* Oversee completion of the artifact-driven questions as soon as practical.

#### **Career Focus**

* There's an engineering/product leadership gap between the IQ and the Profile/MyIndeed teams. ProfIO content and new Profile questions are examples of lack of alignment between Hiring and Job Seeker business areas. Drive a vision that better associates the value IQ provides with the business goals of the Profile team.

#### **Overall Rating**

Exceeds Expectations  
	  
