Reviewer: Robert Noble

#### **Summary**

Led the team to deliver multiple impactful projects this quarter. Delivering dev-free questions earlier in the quarter might have helped the team come closer to hitting the main quarterly goal.

##### **Execution**

\=

##### **Initiative**

\=

##### **Innovation**

\=

##### **Impact**

\+

#### **Justification**

### **IQ Team Goals and Highlights**

**Q3 Goal**: 20% of jobs posted with a context specific IQ datapoint

* Actual: [2%](https://go.indeed.com/IQL9HZ3NCA) (120K/5.8M)

**Highlights** impact+

* [18](https://code.corp.indeed.com/screener-questions/iq-requirements-config/tree/master/src/resources/artifact/requirements) new question types released this quarter (33 \-\> 51\)  
  * PM is now able to add new questions independently (without SWE contributions). Bottleneck is now verification.  
  * Evan prioritized work & incremental deliverables.  
* delayedImpact2018Q2 Providing new API for the Match team to improve their model matches  
  * Impact: ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQL6MRE2TC))  
    * 7.8% increase in job seeker interest (8.52% (6.4K/75K) vs. 7.90% (5.9K/74K)) [stat sig](https://go.indeed.com/MRAEXK)  
    * 15.7% increase in mutual interest (0.84% (630/75K) vs. 0.73% (542/74K)) [stat sig](https://go.indeed.com/8RAGTG)  
  * Evan worked with Dez to improve API latency in Q3 & coordinated with Match team  
  * Evan helped Dez work around MongoDB version issues.  
* delayedImpact2018Q2 CandidateQuality facet methods to allow for new candidate list filtering by screener questions  
  * Impact: Represented 1/5 of CQ team Q3 goals  
  * Enabled 2 successful CQ team tests: [experience-only](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EMPMON-54) & [other questions](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EMPMON-65)  
  * Evan implemented the IQ side of this in Q2.  
* CDQ goal for jobs with 5 apply in 6 days  
  * Impact [\+29.5%](https://go.indeed.com/IQL8WAW26K) \-- from 7.3% (175K/2.4M) for jobs without questions to 9.4% (426K/4.5M) for jobs with questions  
  * [\+2.7%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLGW887MT) QoQ jobs with questions \-- from 63.6% (4.7M/7.4M) to 65.3% (4.5M/6.9M)  
* New IQ plugin layout was ramped to 100% along with various other improvements  
  * [\+534%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLDF9RDK9) load speed improvement (from 2252ms to 355ms) at p95  
* Integrated Rosetta into Nigma to provide suggestions to employers and prefills for job seekers  
  * Impact:  
    * Employer suggestions ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQLTR9TFZ3))  
      * \+99% accepted suggestions \-- from 268K to 536K  
      * \+4% acceptance rate \-- from 66.4% (268K/403K) to 69.1% (536K/777K)  
    * Job seeker prefills: [\+3%](https://go.indeed.com/IQL29Y2HX7) (from 347K to 359K) accepted prefills while maintaining \>90% acceptance rate  
* Investigated correlation vs causation wrt auto-reject & increased spending.  
  * Auto-reject is correlated with increased spending, but providing the ability to auto-reject does not cause increased spending. ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQL4RFYXKR))

### **Leadership/Mentorship**

* Led team composed of 6 SWEs (4 permanent (1 SWE0, 3 SWE1s), 1 rotating SWE2, 1 intern), 1 PM, 3 QAEs, 2 Data Scientists (1 full-time, 1 rotator), & 1 Product Scientist (rotator)  
  * Weekly 1:1 meetings with all for coaching, product planning, weekly report & guidance on developmental activities, etc.  
  * Daily 1:1 pairing sessions with the two most junior engineers to shorten the feedback cycle & keep them from getting stuck  
* Strong talent magnet \-- returning rotator and returning IU grad in Q4  
* Increased delivery rate via weekly team deliverable goals.  
* Increase engagement via weekly team commitments and randomized selection of meeting facilitators.  
* init+ Encouraged experimentation & innovation by posting \~25 articles & videos about processes, skills, & tools to the team's Slack channel throughout the quarter.  
* Regularly iterated on Kanban boards, etc., to make them more useful to the team.  
* Suggested that Yibo lead an interactive Lunch & Learn session to get the Dradis plugin dev environment set up for every team member. This was an alternative to each team member setting it up when they picked up plugin tickets, which was often offered as a reason to assign a plugin ticket to someone else. As a result, every team member has been able to contribute to our plugins.  
* Encouraged operational excellence by enrolling the team in the DFR program and having the DFR on call work on resilience & maintainability rather than new features.  
* init+ Coordinated office move for \~100 people.  
* Presented successful SWE0-\>SWE1 LevelUp case for Suzannah Kirk-Daligcon.  
* 110 CR comments: 94 UpSource, 8 Crucible, 8 GitLab  
  * [\~99%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLTW3ME4P) of comments were on other people's CRs  
* Mgr Stats: 75 NPS, 9.0 Mgr Recommendation

### **Individual/Technical Contributions**

* Improved Nigma metrics & monitoring. ([4 tickets](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=id%20in%20%28NIGMA-2376%2CNIGMA-2377%2CNIGMA-2515%2CNIGMA-2757%29%20ORDER%20BY%20project%2C%20key))  
  * This successfully caught a latency/availability issue during a deploy.  
* Completed Nigma Mesos migration ([2 tickets](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=id%20in%20%28NIGMA-1586%2CNIGMA-1843%29%20ORDER%20BY%20project%2C%20key))

### **impact+ Recruiting**

[31](https://palp2.sandbox.indeed.net/interviewer/104?start_date=2018-07-01&end_date=2018-10-01&page=consistency-statistics&filter=Filter) interview events

* 23 architecture interviews (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 3 whiteboard interviews (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 3 industry phone screens (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 2 mock debriefs

### **Quotes**

* Dez Poland, SWE1: *"Evan has been fostering a culture of learning on our team through posting different blog posts or talks (for example, about pair programming, functional programming, to our team slack channel with questions to think about them."*  
* Suzannah Kirk-Daligcon, SWE0: *"At the beginning of this quarter, Evan added brief daily check-in meetings to our calendars. These brief daily check-ins have allowed me to grow in my skills and also receive more immediate feedback about technical decisions I'm considering or iterating on."*  
* John Chumnanvech, SWE3: *"He was able to review my design and give me good feedback on the Screener questions portion of the jobs api."*  
* Chris Byron, QA2: *"Evan has gone out of Evan's way to provide team members with new opportunities and attempted to expose them to new ideas."*  
* David Freddolino, PM: *"I enjoy approaching Evan with ideas on where we can take the product as Evan provides great structure to the conversation and bases Evan's thoughts on what is possible to accomplish with the tools we have."*

#### **Next Steps**

* Work closely with EmilyG to drive impactful content through the new dev-free question platform  
* Beef up the automation supporting the creation and monitoring of question content  
* Help Yibo to get leveled up  
* Develop a close working relationship with the Profile team to get traction on unifying structured job seeker content between the two teams

#### **Career Focus**

* The delivery of the dev-free questions project was a multi-quarter effort and definitionally a large project. It took substantially longer than anyone anticipated. I'd encourage you to run a project retrospective and explore how this project could have been delivered more incrementally and predictably to set the team up for greater success the next time a large project comes up.  
* You have a strong SWE2, LaneS, landing on the team in Q4. Think about how you'd like to share leadership responsibilities, to help both the team and with Lane's career growth.

#### **Overall Rating**

Meets Expectations+  
	  
