Reviewer: Kristen Starr

#### **Summary**

In Q4, Evan led the technical team to achieve both of their quarterly goals. A large automation effort enhanced dev-free questions by achieving things like Proctor test creation and automatic screenshots for verification in bulk. Evan received positive feedback from many on the team regarding technical coaching and his commitment to engineering excellence.

##### **Execution**

\=

##### **Initiative**

\=

##### **Innovation**

\=

##### **Impact**

\=

#### **Justification**

### **IQ Team Goals and Highlights**

* **Q4 Goal 1**: Percent of jobs with a context specific question attached, [achieved at \>3%](https://go.indeed.com/2T7788).  
* **Q4 Goal 2** : 116 new question types released, surpassing team goal of 100 ([35 \-\> 151](https://go.indeed.com/IQLX9YXADK)) impact+  
  * Enabled by new automated bulk process, including proctor test creation, ramp up, and screen shots to streamline verification.  
  * Evan prioritized deliverables, provided design & implementation guidance.  
* Enabled proctoring questions based on jobLocale in addition to browserLocale.  
* Jobs in Italy, Spain, & France with screener questions [\+68%](https://go.indeed.com/IQLAGTR7G3) from 44% (146K/331K) to 74% (255K/344K) while maintaining acceptance rate over 60%.

### **IQ Leadership**

* Led team composed of 6 SWEs (5 SWE1s, 1 SWE2), 2 PMs, 3 QAEs, 2 DScis, 1 DT  
  * Weekly 1:1 meetings with all, daily 1:1 pairing with 2 most junior.  
* Fostered an **environment for learning** through lunch & learns and slack posts.  
  * “*I've grown to value our weekly Lunch & Learn meetings and the information learned or shared during this time.*” \-SWE1  
* Facilitated project breakdown, **prioritization and weekly planning** for incremental delivery.  
  * “*his broad knowledge helps us to identify roadblocks, prioritize tasks and concentrate deliverables*. “ \-SWE2  
* Leads design and architecture direction, actively takes part in **technical vision**.  
  * “*He actively joins our design review to provide suggestions. When we have something we want to discuss casually in our hex, we can easily grab him to get his ideas*.” \- SWE2  
* Heavily influenced **quarterly planning and product vision**.  
  * “*Evan continually has a very good sense for how our product could be improved. He approaches ideas with a good balance of what is possible and what we should do*.” \-PM  
* “*Evan has also really stepped in to fill the gap of lack of program management or project management support.*” \- PM  
* Initiated cross-functional manager meeting for those coaching IQ team members (QA/DT/DSci) to help align management and make sure ICs have the right opportunities. init+  
* Prioritizes scalability/maintainability of services for long term success. exec+  
  * “*Evan is vigilant with monitoring the service and continuously improving our monitoring, altering, and core service to gradually improve developer's lives over time.*” \- SWE2  
  * “*They are also demonstrating a good guidance for the team in supporting a migration to Quartermaster...This is a progressive thinking and allows the team to tune and manage their capacity better*..” \- SRE

## **Mentorship**

* Manager/peer feedback call outs of specific coaching areas:  
  * “*Evan has helped me with improving IQL queries to measure epic performance, understanding DFR issues, and looking into latency issues*.” \- SWE1  
  * “*While I was DFR this quarter, Evan helped me remotely investigate pager duty alarms... I greatly appreciated Evan's availability to help guide me through figuring out what needed to be done to resolve the alerts our team was receiving.*”  
* 70 detailed comments on dev CRs, including guidance on topics such as :  
  * Visibility into exception handling by [correct log placement](https://go.indeed.com/62YTNW).  
  * Optimal [data structure selection](https://go.indeed.com/YWNFHR).  
  * [Decomposing work](https://go.indeed.com/HRN2XR) to achieve easy and rollback-free deployments.  
  * [Legal concerns](https://go.indeed.com/TDNFZX) that accompany questions asked to users.  
* Evan sought out an external opportunity on the DREMR team for one of his engineers, to provide him with opportunities that he won't find in IQ. exec+  
* Mgr Stats: 50 NPS, 8.3 Mgr Recommendation

### **Cross Team Impact**

* Participated in an [investigation](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-1571) of plugin webapp latency, communicating with tech leads across Dradis, resulting in a more thorough understanding of where latency is coming from.  
* Attended SMB 2019 planning offsite, contributing to goal setting for Existing Business org.  
* Journey of a Request talk for Ada Learners (13-15 SWEs from non-traditional backgrounds) with [positive feedback](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Reifxu8Mv8P6Omj6I5jArs1gokA11QF6-r_nw3f0o4c/edit#gid=1080055444).  
  * “*I learned a lot about how requests travel through the Indeed ecosystem, from auth and load balancing to the different protocols we use for communication... Overall I found Evan's talk to be one of the best we've had this quarter and am very glad he was willing to give it\!*” \- SWE1  
* Collaborated with other Existing Business managers to facilitate a remote happy hour. init+  
  * “*\[Y\] and Evan taking the time to plan a remote happy hour and run through the remote game ahead of time greatly contributed to the success of that experience this past quarter*.” \- SWE1

## **Recruiting**

[20](https://palp2.sandbox.indeed.net/interviewer/104?start_date=2018-10-01&end_date=2019-01-01&page=consistency-statistics&filter=Filter) interview events

* 14 architecture interviews (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 3 whiteboard interview (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 2 industry phone screens (led or reverse shadowed)  
* 1 mock debrief

#### **Next Steps**

* The Smart Funnel is both an exciting challenge and an opportunity for the team to have great business impact. Try to keep your focus and the team's focus on quick delivery, as that will be the one of the largest measures of success. Once potential impact is proven, we can take the time to scale this new funnel.  
* Start understanding more about Waldo and how Job Visibility is set. Come to your own conclusions about how IQ could help to guide Employers in their job posting experience to avoid unnecessarily ending up in NOWHERE visibility. There will be many options for what is technically possible, some even using solutions that already exist, but try to keep an eye on growing a scalable Waldo/IQ integration.  
* You've built some components this quarter that could be widely valuable \- keep an eye out for other teams that could benefit from using bulk Proctor test creation or an automated screen shot tool for example.

#### **Career Focus**

* Get more involved, earlier, in product discussions for the team. Part of your role as an Eng Lead is to provide technical insight early in the process of considering initiatives for the team, and can help product goals to align with engineering capacity more effectively.  
* Take the relationships that you observe in your product partners as a good example of the valuable relationships that you can grow within engineering. For example, if Emily is starting to develop a relationship with a PM on Quality Operations because collaborative work is upcoming, it makes sense for you seek out a technical leader in this area so that vision can align where helpful.

#### **Overall Rating**

Meets Expectations  
	  
