Reviewer: Robert Noble

#### **Summary**

As a result of Evan's leadership and encouragement, the Indeed Questions (IQ) team launched a major new feature, Dynamic Job Details, to very promising metrics. Missed opportunity for more impact as team throughput was tepid and quarterly goal missed. Stepped up participation in SEA arch interviews, helping out in one of our most challenging-to-staff interview roles.

##### **Execution**

\=

##### **Initiative**

\=

##### **Innovation**

\=

##### **Impact**

\+

#### **Justification**

### **IQ Team Goals and Highlights**

* **Highlights**  
  * FutureImpact Launched job details, including 5 questions across 2 verticals, leading to [increased job post completion rate](https://go.indeed.com/IQL6244RFC) (not yet statistically significant).  
    * Gathered NextStep data about what job details jobseekers want, with some of the highest [answer rates](https://go.indeed.com/IQLGERZHA9). ([results](https://go.indeed.com/IQLE979P69))  
  * 7 new question types, increasing total by [39% (25/18)](https://go.indeed.com/IQLGAMZ4GR)  
  * Expanded Localized Education question to 3 more locales  
    * Adoption rates are currently slightly lower than the previous education question, since we make suggestions for the non-localized one but not the localized one.  
  * New question utility index allowing us to track effectiveness of each question. ([dashboard](https://iqlsuperset.sandbox.indeed.net/dashboard/768/))  
  * Support Resume Profile team and improve UX by providing information needed to store IQ answers directly in the resume and avoid asking jobseekers for duplicate information  
  * Added support for making suggestions based on ML models  
  * Increased integration build success rate by [63% (76/47)](https://go.indeed.com/IQLK9TP76X) QoQ  
  * Jobs with screener questions get fewer total applies but [42% more qualified applies (.249(67K/268K) to .354(214K/605K)](https://go.indeed.com/IQLN6ZT4KZ).  
  * Continued service reliability: [over 5 9’s](https://go.indeed.com/IQLTMFG7CT) on 1.9B calls

### **impact+ exec+ Leadership/Mentorship**

* Led team composed of 6 SWEs, 2 SWE Rotators, 1 PM, 2 QA, 1 Data Scientist, 1 DataSci Rotator, 1 UX Designer  
  * Weekly 1:1 meetings with all for coaching, product planning, weekly report & guidance on developmental activities, etc.  
* Guided rewrite of artifact implementation plan in order to deliver value incrementally.  
  * Provided examples in [NIGMA-1770](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/NIGMA-1770) & base of [NIGMA-1725](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/NIGMA-1725).  
    * Suzannah Kirk-Daligcon, SWE0: *" When some technical questions were being raised about the initial direction our artifact-driven requirement project was going, I really appreciated Evan's leadership in helping us talk about and brainstorm a different beginning angle."*  
  * Missed opportunity: Earlier intervention could have resulted in improved execution.  
    * Yue Wang, SWE1: *"Though not very late, but for artifact driven project, Evan reset the goal of project this quarter 1 week after I proposed and executed a plan."*  
* Coordinated with ITA & ProfIO to allow ITA to use IQ answers to determine jobseeker ad eligibility.  
* Coordinated with JSFE to allow testing different ways of displaying IQ data on the job view page.  
* Improved collaboration/teamwork of the IQ Infrastructure team by having them run a temporary extreme collaboration experiment when building trucking job details questions under time pressure.  
  * Suzannah Kirk-Daligcon, SWE0: *"Evan encourages us to work together closely adding 4 new requirements, as a sort of experiment since our team was very used to having one person lead their own project. I really enjoyed this experiment, it provided opportunities to interact and get to know one another and support each other in our work more closely."*  
* init+ Initiated and led tech book club to help SWEs improve their skills (currently learning about design patterns, typically \~4 junior SWE participants)  
* init+ Volunteered to lead the Dradis Developer Environment Working Group, charged with improving dev efficiencies. [Documented](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X507b6GT8-8mPuXJq0QXQkDcKjxyc5JqNASd6iro8h0/edit) and presented the initial proposals for improvement.  
* Resurfacing quality concerns around one of your team members  
* Key driver in making the case for the job details initiative, which is preliminarily (currently low statistical confidence) performing extremely well across all job funnel metrics.  
* CR stats: [235](https://fisheye.indeed.com/cru/commentSearch?search.projectId=none&search.text=&search.permaId=&search.period.fromStr=2018-01-01T00%3A00%3A00&search.period.toStr=2018-04-01T00%3A00%3A00&search.authorName=edower&search.metric=&search.metric=&refresh=y) (mostly contentful) comments in Crucible  
* Mgr Stats: 75 NPS, 8.9 Mgr Recommendation  
* Quotes:  
  * Desiree Poland, SWE1: *"Evan offered to do "side by side code reviews" ... which I feel has improved both the quality of my own feedback as well as the code I put out."*  
  * Yada Zhai, SWE2: *"Evan has outstanding technical ability. When we chat about implementation strategies, Evan often has great ideas and useful feedback. For example, a conversation with Evan changed the way I ended up implementing the mongo schema for job details questions, and I think we came up with a simpler and more maintainable solution than what I was first thinking."*  
  * Eric Reidel, SWE1: *"Evan has prioritized my career development by constantly making it a topic of our 1:1s and working to help me get my level-up document up to date."*  
  * Annette Taberner-Miller, DataSci Mgr2: *"Evan is driving the direction of data science projects within the team and providing a vision and enthusiasm that is often lacking in the PM's communication."*  
  * Sean Ventrella, TDM2: *"I think Evan does a good job of trying to find ways to improve the skills of those around Evan, whether via direct mentorship or organizing reading sessions to discuss new topics."*

### **Individual/Technical Contributions**

* Nigma Mesos Migration  
  * Unified release dual-deployed in QA (as of 3/22)  
  * Took over the project from Suzannah, coordinating with DevOps, SRE, & QA to overcome numerous obstacles and transition safely. ([6 tickets](https://go.indeed.com/GLYNPCTNX) as of 3/21)  
* Misc  
  * Sped up [Nigma desktop builds](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/NIGMA-1674)  
  * Enabled [advertiser-based proctor tests](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/DRAGGD-6) at aggregation time  
  * Found & fixed [proctor regression](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/PROC-370)

### **impact+ Recruiting**

33 interview events

* 24 architecture interviews (led or reverse shadowed)  
  * FutureImpact Because of Evan, we're training other architecture interviewers faster.  
* 4 industry phone interviews (led or reverse-shadowed)  
* 2 UR phone interviews (led or reverse-shadowed)  
* 2 resume deep-dives (shadowed)  
* 1 presentation

#### **Next Steps**

* As you're about to give up your 2 strongest devs to other teams, expect to see newbies in Q2.  
  * Identify transition "requirements" for Eric and Yada and get buy-in from their new managers.  
  * Review any artifacts around team ramp up and make sure that the content is current.  
  * Identify and grow your next generation of supporting leaders.  
* Build on the success of Job Details. Working with your PM, define and execute the go-big plan in Q2.  
* Let's review the pace of projects in Q1 and put changes in place to rebalance the talent of your sub-teams and improve the throughput of IQ.  
* Roundtables reviewed quality regression issues in one of your team members. Work with the engineer to define a corrective action plan and get buy-in.

#### **Career Focus**

Welcome to TDM3 land:

* Your team owns an invaluable set of data--be a thought leader in helping other teams to take advantage of that.  
* Work with data science leadership to identify the most valuable ML projects in our space and drive a plan to staff and execute on those projects over the course of the year.

#### **Overall Rating**

Meets Expectations+  
	  
