Reviewer: Kristen Starr

#### **Summary**

Evan led the IQ team to deliver an initial Smart Funnel which showed decreased billing conversions, followed up by a v2 which is ready to be turned on and anticipated to have more positive results. He began the process of cross team collaboration with Squal Dev in order to integrate with Waldo and provide question data affecting job visibility. Evan also led the team on significant Operation Excellence endeavors, continued to be recognized for his hands on leadership, and reinforced continuous learning on his team.

##### **Execution**

\+

##### **Initiative**

\+

##### **Innovation**

\=

##### **Impact**

\=

#### **Justification**

### **Q1 Team [Objectives](https://wiki.indeed.com/display/PROD/Q1+2019+IQ+OKRs)**

##### **Smart Funnel**

Experimental new job posting flow delivered incrementally in just 2 months. exec+

* Evan laid out incremental milestones minimizing the need for deploys from other teams. exec+  
* Evan coordinated with automation to define & prioritize test scenarios, ended up catching several bugs without exposing employers. init+  
  * “*Evan was a big proponent of a new test automation strategy that we did this quarter on the IQ team... This allowed us to start with a strong level of test coverage in the Smart Funnel and made it easier to test and find regressions*.” \- QAAE  
* V1 showed reduced billing conversions, [v2](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/IQ-554) in production not yet enabled futureImpact  
* [sponsored-only sessions](https://go.indeed.com/IQL7RPYDPM) (-14%); [view & apply rates](https://go.indeed.com/IQLDCKNG6H); [qualified apply, posOutcome, & ME](https://go.indeed.com/IQL7NAKAZC) show mixed results with no statistically significant wins.

##### **New question onboarding/management**

Team enhanced platform to support wider variety of question types such as Work Eligibility and International Relocation.

* Streamlined question onboarding processes  
* Tested question-specific tooltips with UK Flextime Job Data Insight  
* Released 21 new questions ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQL64WK3Y6))

##### **IQ for Job Quality**

* Evan planned [Waldo integration](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/IQ-606) to allow rules based on structured IQ data.  
* Evan worked with Bryan Marker (TDM, Squal) to identify stakeholders and next steps. init+  
* Evan delegated next steps to Lane Spade (SWE, IQ) as good opportunity for career growth.

##### **Operational Excellence**

* Support tracking IQ impact on important business metrics  
  * We can now measure [MEs](https://go.indeed.com/IQLZ4RKPDZ) & [conversions](https://go.indeed.com/IQLY928FZ3) for nigma groups  
  * Integrated IQ with recentAdvertizerTestGroups, which provides proctor group info to several important indexes (and added employersignup to that list)  
* MongoDB improvements  
  * Team worked towards improving latency ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQL6KAF77W)) and added [self-service](https://provisioning.sandbox.indeed.net/mongo/replicasets/dradis-global) management tools.  
* Funnel performance improvements with same-origin requests  
  * Latency \-40% at 99th percentile ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQL3KPN4MZ), [over time](https://go.indeed.com/IQLXFKN9P3)), timeouts \-50% ([IQL](https://go.indeed.com/IQLRP6CR7E)). impact+  
  * Evan worked with SRE partner to prioritize & unblock this  
* Made jobseeker answer prediction more scalable by using answers stored in [ProfIO](https://wiki.indeed.com/display/PROFIO/Jobseeker+Profile+Platform+Product+Home)  
  * Onboarded new predictJobseekerAnswers client (JEM) handling [15x traffic](https://go.indeed.com/IQLKM7WHX4) futureImpact  
  * Provided extensive implementation guidance throughout, frequently sitting with SWEs at their desks to help when they got stuck.  
* Evan encouraged code cleanup, such as removing client references to obsolete classes, transitioning to inclusive language, updating build process, and proctor test cleanups.  
* Evan handled bad nigma-common publish, identified libraries & deployables needing rebuild & lockdown.

### **Mentorship**

##### **Continuous Learning**

* Fully supported the team learning React in advance of Smart Funnel work. exec+  
* “*Evan helped support our team in getting ramped up on React for our smart funnel project through setting us up with the frontend masters react class, sharing a Udemy React/Redux course, and sharing react articles and resources as relevant*.” \-SWE1  
* Helped a dev find opportunities for further growth on another team. init+

##### **Hands on Leadership**

* “*Evan has helped me to improve my git skills by helping me with a git rebase*.” \-SWE1  
* “*He joined the discussion of profIO integration with developers and provided suggestions and insights towards options that we had*.” \-SWE1  
* Guided debugging when the i18n pipeline broke.  
* “*He helped me the distribution of number of JDQ for registered nurse, commented on the correct mode of the distribution*.” \-DSci

##### **Career Growth**

* Successful SWE1-\>2 LevelUp case for team member.  
* Panelist for 2 other LevelUp cases.

### **Team Leadership**

##### **Team Building**

* “*He has done a great job of taking a team of mostly introverts, and helping us become a self-organizing team. He does a great job of balancing different personalities, encouraging quite people, and engaging more outgoing people*.” \-DSci

##### **Technical Direction**

* “*Evan led the design review for the smart funnel. He defined the scope and split out task into several millstones which is crucial for quickly iterating the smart funnel and launch it on time*.” \-SWE2  
* “*He played a crucial role in working with the Dradis team to incorporate the Smart Funnel to work as a plugin using React/Redux, to better align with the Indeed Component Library and the future path of Indeed’s tech stack*.” \- DT  
* Supported DSci work to use new ML evaluator service, converting build to gradle to fix client publication, and sat with dev to work through issues, research gradle builds, etc.

##### **Product Direction**

* “*He’s a great communicator, thinks about product and business impact of a teams’ output, and even pitches in with queries and test analyses*.” \- PM

### **Recruiting**

Led or reverse-shadowed 19 architecture interviews impact+

* “*Evan goes above and beyond on accepting interviews. He is always willing to help when he can and willing to come to other buildings to do so. He also has been helpful in wrangling other interviewers as well. He is an asset to interviewing.*” \- HR

**Mgr Stats: 25 NPS, 8.5 Mgr Recommendation**

#### **Next Steps**

Get ramped up on the Front End core team and take the opportunity to dive deeply into React/Redux.

#### **Career Focus**

Welcome back to being an IC\! You’re traveling a path where only a few have gone before you, and it is commendable that you’ve reflected on the type of environment/work in which you flourish. That said, you’ve ‘seen the other side’ and learned many valuable things that will help you on your new team. As a specific example, your team repeatedly recognizes your great mentorship and technical coaching. Your willingness to dive into the challenges that your teammates are facing and work through them together has made you a great tech lead. A huge part of being a Technical Fellow is mentorship and technical leadership, so these skills will serve you well.

There are also some career goals that we have been working towards that will carry over even as you begin work on the TF rather than TDM track. Getting closer to product vision is a good example. Reaching outwards to understand the initiatives of closely related teams in another. Try to keep both of these in mind as you establish yourself on your new team. It has been great working with you, and we hope that you come back to SMB after you have become a Front End expert\!

#### **Overall Rating**

Meets Expectations+  
	  
