Reviewer: Mike Bulman

#### **Summary**

##### **Execution**

\+

##### **Initiative**

\=

##### **Innovation**

\=

##### **Impact**

\=

#### **Justification**

## **Team Summary**

* The Mosaic team is responsible for Global Nav and the Mosaic platform, as well as the Node.js Rendering Service and Polyfill Service  
* Objectives this quarter include:  
  * **Ensure our products adhere to mandates, and help our customers do the same**. Primarily resolving accessibility issues and implementing mechanisms to detect regressions in the future.  
  * **Enable faster, autonomous, and automated decision making by increasing the availability of comprehensive, reliable, actionable data.** Includes logging/indexing more data, and improving the reliability and usability of our existing indexes.  
  * **Shifting Global Nav to a platform model instead of an agency for hire.** Enabling self-serve execution within GMs by: streamlining contributions to Global Nav, moving towards PoG to scale our QA model, and supporting the Employer Center team as they develop their own navigation within gnav.  
  * **Support Job Seeker GM initiatives**: broader Job Cards rollout, efforts to validate Full Story tool, content ranking efforts on homepage.  
* Each initiative tends to involve collaboration with 2+ developers, sometimes to the point of true pair programming. In some cases this takes the form of swarming where almost everyone on the team will contribute in some way towards completing an initiative. Team members will sometimes pick up work another team member has started but has had to pause for some reason.

## **Goal Work & Technical Contributions**

* exec+ impact+ **Streamlined Global Nav contribution & release processes by unifying five repositories into two.**  
  * [globalnav-components merged into globalnav-render-service](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2671)  
    * Greatly reduces development & release overhead: prior to this merger, testing any changes in components required a manual publish & copy into render-service  
    * Delivered quickly & smoothly, despite being long anticipated as difficult/hairy  
    * Improves pipeline visibility regarding which tickets were included in a release  
    * Communicated how to (easily) port changes for in-flight changes to all Global Nav contributors  
  * [globalnav-renderer-client & globalnav-service-utils merged into globalnav-service](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=key%20in%20%28gnavs-373%2Cgnavs-2484%29%20order%20by%20updated%20desc)  
  * Team feedback  
    * *"I can't begin to quantify the amount of time and effort the various merged projects in globalnav-service and globalnav-render-service have saved me." \-SWE1*  
    * *"This simplifies development dramatically, especially for external contributors." \-SWE2*  
* init+ exec+ **Wrote** [**Spark-based globalnavRequest index builder**](https://code.corp.indeed.com/frontend/globalnav-spark-indexers) **to replace the existing leila builder**  
  * This is the core index used by the Global Nav team & customers to understand where gnav is integrated, usage & error patterns, test analysis, and EVNT impact analysis  
  * Improved performance by 90+% ([from \~13 hours to 1 hour](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kJymKUduS8FdNdgiMidUOEF1QjQ-xm6mwASeGtOv3cI/edit#heading=h.ukpi53d3ycxw)). New data is now available within a few hours rather than the next day.  
  * Reduced frequent intermittent failures, improving the reliability of the data and reducing team toil in triaging/addressing failures  
  * Improved accuracy & completeness of data  
    * Global Nav requests and index documents are now 1:1.  
    * Documents that were previously discarded due to having long strings are now retained (with those strings truncated).  
    * Spam included in log-types normally generated in the browser is now filtered out  
  * Documented how to [build indexes with Spark](https://wiki.indeed.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DataOrg&title=Build+an+Imhotep+Index+with+Spark)  
  * Presented multiple team demos to knowledge share the complexities of optimizing index builder performance, walking through Scala code, etc.  
  * Feedback  
    * *"I feel SO MUCH BETTER about the state of our indexes after the work that you put in to making them better...the walkthrough you gave to the team about what makes an index fast or slow, and how you debugged it all, was super informative." \-Senior TPM*  
    * *"I was impressed with his execution in adopting Spark/Scala, an unfamiliar tech, to help us improve our data pipeline. He was able to capture his new knowledge in a helpful blog post, and the result was a huge speedup in processing time." \-TF4*  
    * *"Evan dove straight into the project and made excellent progress. Along the way he wrote an excellent builder and documented it so thoroughly that I still hold it up as the example for how to use the ecosystem. Perhaps more importantly, he was able to showcase impressive wins from the migration from Leila to Spark." \-TF4, maintainer of the Spark ecosystem at Indeed*  
* **Added more robust data to Global Nav indexes, improving our ability to track feature rollout, usage, and integrations**  
  * Visibility into what versions of gnav libraries hosts are using and reliable information about a host's repository ([GNAVS-2563](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2563))  
  * Observability for when Global Nav fallback is used, and what the source is ([GNAVS-2688](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2688))  
  * *"Another smaller quality of life improvement that I appreciate is the extra visibility we now have into our clients via the globalnavRequest index." \-SWE2*  
* init+ futureImpact **Added built-in UI sandbox feature into globalnav-service**  
  * Unblocks Global Nav Push-on-Green effort by simplifying what it takes to write automated coverage  
  * Collaborated with SWE2 on possible approaches to branch-deploy-based tests.  
* **Full story investigation/planning**  
  * Did initial FullStory investigation & planning ([GNAVS-2425](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2425))  
  * Paired with Tara to help get FullStory started and continued to provide consultation occasionally.  
* **Added [Global Nav menu item](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2418) for new mobile language switcher page**  
  * Primarily addresses a fix-broken-experiences priority for INTL  
  * Large relative increase in usage for a infrequently used feature \- [\+17.8% (from 73k to 86k)](https://go.indeed.com/IQLDRK2KM4)  
  * init- Possible miss on following up on adoption of the [ua.app fix](http://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2523) so that we can re-enable the test  
* **Helped swarm on Global Nav a11y work** ([jira](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=id%20in%20%28GNAVS-2447%2C%20GNAVS-2669%2C%20GNAVS-2722%2C%20GNAVS-2809%29%20ORDER%20BY%20project%2C%20key))

## **Team**

* Generally serving as tech-lead and go-to technical resource for other team members  
  * Paired with SWE1 on some [early click tracking work](http://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2536) and outlined event delegation model for capturing clicks even for plugins injected into the header.  
  * Paired with SWE2 to help debug [focusable SVG issue](http://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2402)  
  * Feedback  
    * *"I appreciate that he's available to answer questions on such a wide range of topics, and that he so actively tries to share and facilitate sharing of knowledge throughout the team." \-SWE2*  
    * *"Evan was a willing collaborator. He worked with me to shape a technical plan for converging Gnav and Mosaic. His contributions especially helped identify risk areas, and he suggested an important intermediate step to make the delivery more incremental." \-TF4*  
    * *"Generally Evan and I end up working together when I ask the team about a vague problem without any clear path on where to go next. Evan is quick to jump on these and work with me to find a solution." \-QAAE2*  
    * *"...I consider him one of the handful of people I can ask technical advice of on almost any subject and get reasonable guidance." \-SWE2*  
* init+ Stepped in to help with release management when an escaped bug in QA raised the need for a custom revert strategy.  
  * "...the QA team was experiencing issues with the deploy process. Evan put in the time and effort to not only find the solution, but explain to us why things had broke." \-QAAE2  
* Started a trend of using Slack Reactions to shorten the doc feedback cycle by asking people if they’ve reviewed it, need more time, or don’t plan to review it. This has really caught on, and subjectively it has made a big difference in how quickly we’re able to finish the doc feedback process.  
* [EVNT-2586](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-2586) owner: Global Nav footer missing from homepage and viewjob  
  * [GNAVS-2429](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2429): Re-add Employer Center leftnav to the gnav model  
* Evaluated impact for [EVNT-2718](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-2718): Some Global Nav functionality was broken in older browsers  
  * Also discovered & fixed root cause ([GNAVS-2788](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-2788))

## **Org**

* Reduced toil when working with PO (translation) files ([JDEV-992](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/JDEV-992))  
  * Reduced average PO files per merge from [78 to 58 (-25.7%)](https://go.indeed.com/IQLZ4PP43A)  
  * Extracting strings is now idempotent: if the set of strings hasn’t changed, the PO files won’t change. Previously, it was non-trivial to determine if extracting strings made any substantial changes. Now, only substantial changes show up in the PO files.  
  * futureImpact Added automatic merge conflict resolution for PO files to Indeed-standard git config. May be hard to measure, but should save teams a significant amount of time when merging translations from their i18n branches.  
* Shadowed a few architecture interviews to get back up-to-speed and figure out nuances of doing them remotely

## **Mentoring**

* Organic team mentoring through daily activities  
  * "Evan is always up for pairing. ...he was quick to offer support and took upwards of two hours with me, sharing his knowledge and context around the work. He patiently watched and guided me in getting the project set up, writing the code, pulling up resources and allowing me to interactively learn as we fulfilled the ticket requirements. I did not feel rushed and could ask questions as I learned some new syntax." \-SWE1

#### **Next Steps**

* As you take responsibility for delivering a larger set of work through the team, ensure there is continuous visibility into the state of your theme: current work, next work, current/next owners, timing, plan-for-a-plan, etc.

#### **Career Focus**

* You have a ton of opportunity to influence the technical and product direction of our team, and you have valuable insight to provide in that process. **Embrace your role as tech lead** and find those opportunities more purposefully.  
* Part of the above will mean trusting the team to handle some of the day-to-day things you tend to jump on. You should not lose that visibility, but find ways to scale the responsibility of those tasks so you can spend more time focusing on things that leverage your particular strengths.

#### **Overall Rating**

Meets Expectations  
	  
