Reviewer: Mike Bulman

#### **Summary**

Evan is a tech lead for the Mosaic & Global Nav team. These platforms are used across JobSeeker/SMB/ENT GMs to help teams deliver UI/frontends. The team consists of a TDM4, TF4, Evan, and 2 SWE2s \- there was no dedicated Product Manager this cycle.

#### **Impact**

Score  
3

**Note: Evan was enrolled in the 80% voluntary work program in Q3**

### **Customer Centricity**

* **Partnered with OneHost to enable GNav via federated module.** Aligned with OneHost architecture to enable performant page loads. OneHost able to continue independently to deliver left-nav experiment. ([UNIFY-50](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/UNIFY-50), [GNAV-785](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-785))  
  * Discovered and resolved multiple complex issues around static asset delivery ([GNAVS-4316](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-4316), [GNAVS-4378](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-4378), [GNAVS-4311](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-4311))  
* **Rolled out Aurora Global Navigation for JobSeeker & Employer/Marketing headers.** Aligned navigation across all pages with One Brand, One design mandate. Partnered with PMs in each org on rollout, analysis, and iterative follow-up experimentation. ([GNAV-683](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-683), [GNAV-760](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-760))  
  * Key contributor to technical guidance, code reviews  
  * Dynamic loading optimizations to offset slower IFL performance to within acceptable levels for JobSeeker stakeholders ([GNAV-768](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-768))  
* **Enabled automated CloudFront Brotli compression for GNav & Mosaic provider static assets**, reducing the page weight of these assets by 5-20% over current gzip compression (observability for measuring exact impact is currently lacking; [SMBCLD-947](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/SMBCLD-947))  
  * Evan spearheaded the idea and worked closely with SRE to get this tested & rolled out.  
  * Enabled for all Mosaic providers without requiring those providers to make any changes ([blog post](https://wiki.indeed.com/display/Mosaic/2021/09/28/Brotli+Compression+for+Mosaic+Provider+Assets))  
  * Long-term goal is to enable this by default Indeed-wide  
  * *"Evan and I worked on the Cloudfront auto-compression project ([SMBCLD-947](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/SMBCLD-947)). He initiated the project and he was also my mentor in this project. Evan proactively monitored the project status and proposed next steps." \-SRE2*  
* Rewrite of Mosaic provider impression index has yielded higher stability and dropped lead time on index population from \~30 hours to \~3 hours. Corrected accuracy issues that will help improve content ranking for job feed  
  * Evan is the team's SME for Spark index builders. He helped ramp TF4 teammate on this ecosystem, and paired on the implementation of this rewrite  
  * *"...all of the work you've put in helping me understand enough of the Spark ecosystem to rewrite Mosaic index builders, from pairing to communicating issues/failures on help channels."*  
* **Customer Impact Through Platforms**  
  * Leveraged GNav's code-delivery reach. (Relaunched FullStory; remediated MixPanel EVNT; deprecated IE11; released ToS banner. Each with a single deploy per change.)

### **Long-Term Focus**

* **Increased autonomous external experimentation on the GNav platform.** [41.5%](https://go.indeed.com/GLY274EA3) of tickets were external contributions (+16 from previous 6 months)  
  * Foundational work on GNav platform: Decreasing complexity of contributions by shifting logic from 2 to 1 repository. Making it significantly easier to write automated tests. Enabling mechanisms to identify clear code owners for each header variant. ([GNAV-856](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-856), [GNAV-725](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-725))  
  * Evan was a key driver of improving & stabilizing branch/deploy pipelines ([GNAV-738](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-738))  
* **Discovery implementation & experiment for reducing page weight across Indeed**. Leveraging Webpack Federated Modules to share dependencies between decoupled platforms (e.g. Mosaic, Global Nav, host page, providers) ([MOSAIC-317](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/MOSAIC-317))  
  * Developed proof-of-concept and rolled out initial experiment in GNav. Majority of impact expected as the number of components sharing a given dependency increases.  
* **Started rolling out mechanism to improve CSS isolation in GNav**. This will help prevent host pages from inadvertently interfering with the appearance of GNav, which has historically been a constant battle given the surface area of host pages & experiments being run. ([GNAVS-3322](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-3322))

### **Operational Excellence**

* Maintained 100% Push-on-Green team-wide  
* Doubled GNav deploy automated test suite success rate ([37% \-\> 75%](https://go.indeed.com/GLYAXHGCW)). Work done to improve reliability of test suite, branch & deploy pipelines. ([GNAV-738](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-738))

#### **OWNERSHIP**

Score  
3

L4

* Ideated & spearheaded CloudFront Brotli compression for GNav & Mosaic provider static assets, with an eye towards enabling Indeed-wide

L3

* Partnered with OneHost to enable GNav via federated module  
  * Heavily involved in initial architecture discussions  
  * Prevented major production issues with QA/PROD static asset separation  
* Independently drove all aspects of initial R\&D for reducing page weight across Indeed via webpack Module Federation in GNav & Mosaic.  
* Evan was a key driver of improving & stabilizing branch/deploy pipelines. Contributing to technical direction via team discussion & QAAE mentorship

Active in diagnosis & remediation for multiple GNav production issues/bugs, including 2 EVNTs ([examples](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/EVNT-3225?jql=key%20in%20%28gnavs-4318%2Cgnavs-4398%2Cgnavs-4220%2Cgnavs-4218%2Cgnavs-4582%2Cevnt-3225%29%20order%20by%20updated%20desc))

#### **ORGANIZATIONAL IMPACT**

Score  
3

L3

* CloudFront Brotli auto-compression initiative: mentored SRE2 and drove technical direction/plan  
* Discovered issue in widely used npm library (@emotion/cache), ensured the problematic versions were blocklisted ([JDEV-1119](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/JDEV-1119)), improved Indeed's build ecosystem to ensure blocklisting npm modules worked correctly ([ENV-476](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/ENV-476)), sent comms for the blocklist and assisted teams in upgrading  
  * *"Evan was instrumental in upgrading the @emotion/cache library in our services ([SMBCP-482](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/SMBCP-482)). When we ran into issues that other teams had not seen, he helped debug the issue and find a solution for us to upgrade our library. Evan suggested a few workarounds until we found one that worked for our service."*  
* Worked with Design Systems developer on initial IFL performance design review. Met 1-1 to walk through possible solutions, feasibility/effort, and how those aligned with GNav's style isolation requirements  
* Closely mentored QAAE2 teammate: *"Evan truly went above and beyond this quarter in the amount of time and help he provided me as we tackled some large automation suite transformations. ...Evan and I conducted many pair programming sessions to be efficient with time and better explain strategies. In a world where it is common for QAAE's to not always feel on the "same level" as SWE's on their team, Evan has always made me feel equal."*

#### **INDEPENDENCE and SCOPE**

Score  
3

L3

* Responsible for ideation and technical direction of several key initiatives (GNav/OneHost, GNav module federation, etc)  
* Evan is consistent in proactively picking up work that is time sensitive and/or impactful. He consistently self-prioritizes fixes/improvements as they come up, resulting in immediate impact and reduced overhead of team prioritization discussions

* Active participant in shaping team vision, annual OKRs, quarterly delivery roadmap

#### **BUSINESS ALIGNMENT**

Score  
3

L3

* Drove multiple initiatives that involved a discovery/validation phase: GNav module federation, Brotli compression, GNav CSS isolation  
* Mentored QAAE2 on investments in GNav automated test infrastructure

#### **SKILLS**

Score  
3

L3

* GNav Module Federation: worked through significant technical complexity to get this working within the GNav architecture. A meaningful chunk of this complexity was in leveraging a relatively new webpack feature with limited documentation and minimal Indeed adoption.  
* SME in multiple areas: Spark index builders, static asset delivery, module federation  
* *"Evan always provides really great, actionable feedback during code reviews. I value having his frontend development expertise on the team, since helps catch issues early in the design process" \-SWE2 teammate*

#### **Calculated PTL**

0%

#### **Next Steps and Career Focus**

* You have a great sense of what work is impactful in our platforms. Most of the time you deliver this work yourself. Think about how you can multiply the impact you have by delivering through others as well.

#### **At Level**

2 years, 4 months  
