Reviewer: Mike Bulman

#### **Summary**

Evan is enrolled in the 80% voluntary work program, so this review is measured on 4.8 month period.

Evan is on the Mosaic team, which owns the Mosaic, Global Nav, and Signals (frontend logging) platforms. Evan spent most of the cycle leading an initiative to de-duplicate JavaScript dependencies downloaded multiple times from different components on the page.

#### **Team Impact Rating**

4

[Mosaic Team Impact Statement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Cx0a_hsFGD2JGGxb4akxOfDr_HRLBYT0W3XXYecIl0/edit#heading=h.pggyqrlcwg59)

#### **Impact**

Score  
4

[23](https://squall.indeed.com/iqlweb/#q[]=FROM%20palp2interviewerhistory%202022-04-01%202022-09-18%0AWHERE%20interviewer%3D'edower'%0AGROUP%20BY%20interviewtype%2C%20interviewrole%0ASELECT&author=mbulman&createTimestamp=1663793832&v=2&view=table) interviews (denominator \= 60\)

#### **OWNERSHIP**

Score  
4

TF4

* Drove initiative to share JavaScript dependencies across UI deployables from [design review](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1whUnkQjonnaxpZuJYczWhj2kW6t1tyJ6NMT9DKQ76g4/edit) through [initial rollout](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/MOSAIC-365), reducing page weight by avoiding duplicate downloads across decoupled components (e.g. GNav, Mosaic, Mosaic providers, pages).  
  * As one of a few Indeed SMEs for webpack module federation, designed and executed a novel and complex dependency sharing [solution](http://mosaic-317) that will meet the needs of all Job Seeker products.  
* Stayed abreast of Homepage \#sitespeed goals and prioritized [2 improvements](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=key%20in%20%28hpweb-6526%2Cgnav-1110%29%20order%20by%20updated%20desc) \- including one in the Homepage project \- to help them achieve their goals.  
* Prevented an INTEVNT by [catching](https://code.corp.indeed.com/frontend/logging/-/merge_requests/91#note_7810734) a nuanced dependency between Turnstile and GNav.

SWE3

* Strong sense of ownership for maintaining the Global Nav platform, which supported [92](https://squall.indeed.com/iqlweb/#q[]=FROM%20gitlabcommits%202022-04-01%202022-09-12%0AWHERE%20project%20in%20%28'globalnav-service'%2C'globalnav-render-service'%29%20author_email%20not%20in%20%28'mbulman%40indeed.com'%2C'drenckpohl%40indeed.com'%2C'edower%40indeed.com'%2C'saskew%40indeed.com'%2C'dpoindexter%40indeed.com'%2C'efuller%40indeed.com'%2C'tbonnell%40indeed.com'%2C'kpurohit%40indeed.com'%2C''%2C'jenkins%40indeed.com'%29%0ASELECT%20DISTINCT%28author_email%29%20AS%20num_committers&author=mbulman&createTimestamp=1662994439&v=2&view=table&table_sort[0][]=0&table_sort[0][]=desc&graph_cumulative=false&graph_stacked=false&graph_percentOfEachMetricSum=false) distinct external contributors this cycle.  
  * Reviewed [52%](https://squall.indeed.com/iqlweb/#q[]=%2F*%20Comments%20left%20on%20others%E2%80%99%20code%20reviews%20per%20unit%20merge%20request%20*%2F%0AFROM%20gitlabEvents%202022-04-01%2000%3A00%3A00%202022-09-20%0AWHERE%0A%09gitlabHook_project_pathWithNamespace%20%3D~%20'frontend%2Fglobalnav.*service'%20action%3D'merge'%0A%09approvers%20in%20%28'dpoindexter'%2C'edower'%2C'drenckpohl'%2C'saskew'%2C'efuller'%2C'kpurohit'%29%0ASELECT%20distinct%28path_with_namespace_plus_mr_iid%20HAVING%20[approvers%3D'edower']%3E0%29%20as%20reviewer%2C%20distinct%28path_with_namespace_plus_mr_iid%29%20as%20total%2C%20reviewer%2Ftotal%0A&author=mbulman&createTimestamp=1663871779&v=2&view=table&table_sort[0][]=2&table_sort[0][]=desc) of needed approvals. Participated in [66%](https://squall.indeed.com/iqlweb/#q[]=FROM%20statsbot%202022-04-01%20today%0AWHERE%20channel%20in%20%28'mosaic'%2C'global-nav'%29%20ldap%20in%20%28'mbulman'%2C'dpoindexter'%2C'edower'%2C'saskew'%2C'drenckpohl'%2C'efuller'%2C'kpurohit'%2C'tbonnell'%29%0AGROUP%20BY%20channel%0ASELECT%20DISTINCT%28thread_ts%20HAVING%20[ldap%3D'edower']%3E0%29%20as%20reviewee%2C%20DISTINCT%28thread_ts%29%20as%20total%2C%20reviewee%2Ftotal%0A--SELECT%20DISTINCT%28thread_ts%29%20as%20threads%2C%20DISTINCT%28ts%29%20as%20messages%2C%20messages%2Fthreads%20as%20msg_per_thread&author=mbulman&createTimestamp=1663871993&v=2&view=table&table_sort[0][]=2&table_sort[0][]=asc) of customer Slack threads.  
  * Ensured issues affecting customers (e.g. pipelines, automated tests) were resolved quickly.  
* Primary owner of team's index builders \- specifically globalPagePerformance which is used for critical JobSearch SLOs \- ensuring they run reliably. Owner for [2 INTEVNTs](https://bugs.indeed.com/issues/?jql=key%20in%20%28intevnt-1176%2Cintevnt-1244%29%20order%20by%20updated%20desc): driving resolutions, coordinating with the Data Platform team, and providing frequent updates to customers.  
* Designed & planned [initiative](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-1102) to add page weight (e.g. JavaScript/CSS) observability to all products at Indeed.  
* *"You help a lot of people \-- I notice that you're very active in a lot of channels, and usually provide much higher-quality answers and guidance than are typical. I've had quite a few "TIL" moments from reading along with your answers to others' questions." \-TF4 teammate*

#### **ORGANIZATIONAL IMPACT**

Score  
3

TF4

* Provided feedback on [design review](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12b4CQHuCYwVaz8sO4FpCcqksGvgSsIEUDIEUaxnqRcg/edit?pli=1#) & 1-1 consultation for the Viewjob re-use initiative, leveraging past learnings to surface pitfalls/tradeoffs of how to deliver (e.g. dynamic loading)  
  * *"...shared a lot of knowledge related to module federation which is very helpful to us to make decisions. Evan answered many of my questions offline very patiently."*

SWE3

* Mentored Sr. Cloud Solutions Engineer via Mentor Connect. Guided towards Terraform best practices, and coached on how to influence others. Received positive peer feedback.  
* Technical guidance for several engineers on different teams in the context of GNav customer support. Received positive peer feedback.  
* Formal onboarding mentor and continue bi-weekly 1-1s with new SWE2 teammate  
* Provided architectural guidance to the JSMA team on their [native nav initiative](http://jsma-681), specifically how to handle the GNav logo.  
* [23](https://squall.indeed.com/iqlweb/#q[]=FROM%20palp2interviewerhistory%202022-04-01%202022-09-18%0AWHERE%20interviewer%3D'edower'%0AGROUP%20BY%20interviewtype%2C%20interviewrole%0ASELECT&author=mbulman&createTimestamp=1663793832&v=2&view=table) interviews ([SWE1-3](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/SWE1-3) and TDM). Graduated FE Whiteboard, FE Code Review, and FE Architecture (only [7 calibrated interviewers](https://wiki.indeed.com/display/eng/2022/09/20/The+State+of+Front-end+SWE+Interviewing))

#### **INDEPENDENCE and SCOPE**

Score  
3

SWE3

* Drove delivery of [JavaScript dependency sharing](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/MOSAIC-402) & rollout across Mosaic & GNav. Planned work from design, through ticket breakdown and execution. Delivered both directly and through teammates.  
  * `-` Room for improvement: effective and predictable delivery. Progress on this initiative languished in the middle of the cycle.  
* Designed & planned [initiative](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-1102) to add page weight (e.g. JavaScript/CSS) observability to all products at Indeed. Delivered through teammate.  
* Guiding new SWE2 team member on onboarding work, getting started on starter tickets and first [initiative](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAVS-6888).  
* Very engaged in team prioritization discussions (backlog refinement, sprint planning, roadmap planning)

#### **BUSINESS ALIGNMENT**

Score  
3

TF4

* Drove [exploration/validation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1whUnkQjonnaxpZuJYczWhj2kW6t1tyJ6NMT9DKQ76g4/edit) of webpack module federation \- very new to Indeed \- as a mechanism for reducing JavaScript dependency weight on pages, enabling more effective UI decoupling in the future.

SWE3

* Guided Sr SWE teammate on minimum scope needed for adding [page weight observability](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/GNAV-1102), and deferring the rest.  
* `-` Room for improvement: prioritize your time towards things that deliver impact through our platforms vs. constantly reacting to things like Slack support

#### **SKILLS**

Score  
3

TF4

* Ideated and delivered JavaScript dependency sharing, enabling site speed improvements across all Job Seeker products. Libraries and documentation developed in a way that abstracts the hairy details of module federation away from customers.

SWE3

* Created [design doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1whUnkQjonnaxpZuJYczWhj2kW6t1tyJ6NMT9DKQ76g4/edit) for JavaScript dependency sharing presenting options and their tradeoffs, got team and formal design review feedback, and drove to an aligned proposal.

* Go to resource on the team for complex technical issues. Critical SME for Spark index builders.

  * *"It's clear that he's extremely knowledgeable about our technical domain, as well as general software engineering best practices. All the work I've seen him do has been thoughtful, pragmatic, and extremely thorough." \-Sr SWE*  
  * *"I think his technical understanding and skills within the gnav and mosaic project are a huge asset to the team" \-SWE1*

#### **Calculated PTL**

17%

#### **Next Steps and Career Focus**

* SWE3+ are expected to deliver a high level of impact, directly and/or indirectly. You've been explicit that your preference is to do most of that directly, which is valid and supported. Make sure you are continuously being thoughtful about the outcomes/value of where you're spending your time. You have a strong and valuable set of skills & expertise \-- leverage it\!  
* Be especially judicious about incremental delivery.  
* Your sense of ownership and care for our customers is great. Find ways to help our customers be successful that are more scaleable than you being involved in every thread. e.g. guiding other team members to help fill that role, improving our platforms to be easier to work on/self-troubleshoot, etc.

#### **At Level**

3 years, 4 months  
