Reviewer: Aubron Wood

*Performance:​*

#### **Overall Rating**

Strong

Note: Evan is an 80% employee, working four days weekly for the described cycle.

#### Project: Improve Jobseeker TBT

Previously, Evan had been leading our team sitespeed efforts, in alignment with a plan to focus him behind improving metrics on how we deliver Mosaic and Gnav. This cycle he led our effort to set and track towards improving TBT, and inherently improve lighthouse.

* Assembled document [jobsearch long tasks & TBT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/110UfzjxVaoK2VsKorK77_cjHx_BhcdLtp0fFCQ6qz6A/edit#heading=h.4s268u6iy4ii), where he identified that TBT was a logical next step for improving overall lighthouse scores for Job Search, responded to comments, and adopted suggestions.  
  * Document aligned effort behind [2023 Job Seeker Performance strategy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sf1llefyvQuJCvIYLx1GofgMW4gGcCn1e2dKYMVCGVY/edit#heading=h.9sdpawqrwat1), in collaboration with engineering leaders  
* Defined initial targets for effort using a data-driven approach, [setting clear targets](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aRJ-GmFTSi4no1lgHs5juPXl_GXCrlKsi_3hIGMU4w8/edit) for impact.  
* Posted regular stakeholder updates in slack, advising on state and proactively raising risk flags when appropriate.  
  * Also giving project updates at Team Planning meetings, with some struggles on effective, succinct communication of state.  
* `+` Delivered direct impact to TBT, as measured over the cycle.  
  * Patching webpack to initialize each shared dependency as a separate task had a significant impact on business metrics, 50ms TBT, 1-2 Lighthouse Points, large part of engineering effort.\* [Ben Cripps](https://indeed-pte.slack.com/archives/C01L6DJ2CDU/p1694623020584949): “A LOT of people contributed to {TBT Improvements}, but I wanted to especially recognize @edower and the entire mosaic team for their work in moving our ecosystem to shared dependencies.“  
  * Improvements to TBT were shown to [directly impact product metrics](https://teststats.sandbox.indeed.net/mosaic_platform_shared_deps_tbt_tst?start=2023-07-14&end=2023-07-16)  
* Oversaw and assisted larger TBT effort as SME  
  * [38% Improvement](https://link.indeed.tech/IDASH6M2CDF) to TBT at median (19% at 75p, 9% at 95p)  
  * Percentage of users who receive 90+ Lighthouse score [improved by 13%](https://link.indeed.tech/IDASHP6EZZF)  
  * [Time series](https://idash.sandbox.indeed.net/sandbox) shows that overall improvements tell partial story, as product and feature work can be seen eating into our overall gains here \- These numbers would be worse without this effort.  
  * Planned effort to split hydration to another task, assisting Ben Cripps in execution and rollout  
    * [8% Overall improvement in TotalBlockingTime](https://link.indeed.tech/IDASHR2PRY7)  
  * Delegated effort to use react-precompute to reduce inline styles, Emotion hydration cost, delivering through Eric (50ms TBT, 1-2 Lighthouse Points)  
  * Worked with Eric to plan, edit, communicate [TBT Improvement Blog Post](https://wiki.indeed.com/display/Mosaic/2023/06/23/Investigating+and+Improving+TBT+Performance)  
* Identified and communicated when platform level enhancements were reaching diminishing returns, decided to stop further investment in platform-level changes.  
* Advocated for HP & Serp Continuous Scroll across teams as effective product-specific opportunity to improve TBT  
* Summarized effort, opinionation on next steps in [TBT Wrap-Up Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DrgYaKTH-YS88unPPjUw3ZEzfFb-p0xnWJhjG2JevY0/edit)  
  * (also preparation for leave)

#### Misc

* Lead for Node Guild  
  * Ran Node Guild meetings, drove roadmap and agenda for team  
  * Pushed initial testing on Ubuntu images with Mosaic Platform, driving ecosystem level change and advocating early for proactive patching, enabling Node 18 migration  
* Contributed to discussion surrounding [Mosaic Team: Reducing Production Incidents](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/0/d/1_RNtogpfWsUJvo0A4sc8WJONFlTAc-ZU0fWyFaOvZGE/edit)  
  * Discussion on importance of team ownership of process, candid conversations that challenged assertions.  
* Prepared team for cycle of leave  
  * Identified React 18 opportunities to supplant/obsolete additional TBT work, created [Migration Spaghetti](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/179Kx2nSBvFeU7-4EmRMtDbGmlPE3g58edkC8vIj7M2s/edit) document to coordinate multiple migrations across team  
  * Found delegate for Node guild responsibilitie  
  * Left multiple threads on advocacy for future projects, leading influence on what next steps should be. \[[1](https://indeed-pte.slack.com/archives/GL9V31Z62/p1694553890451499?thread_ts=1694553024.906249&cid=GL9V31Z62)\] \[[2](https://indeed-pte.slack.com/archives/GL9V31Z62/p1694554047247169?thread_ts=1694553985.673239&cid=GL9V31Z62)\] \[[3](https://indeed-pte.slack.com/archives/GL9V31Z62/p1694558137125339?thread_ts=1694556767.456699&cid=GL9V31Z62)\]

#### **'What' Rating**

Strong

#### **'How' Rating**

Inconsistent

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

***Career Development:***

#### **OWNERSHIP**

50%

#### **ORGANIZATIONAL IMPACT**

50%

#### **INDEPENDENCE and SCOPE**

At Level

#### **BUSINESS ALIGNMENT**

25%

#### **SKILLS**

50%

#### **Calculated PTL**

35%

#### **Next Steps & Career Growth**

Inconsistent how maps largely to project status communication, and effective upward communication of trade-offs and decision making. It is intended to inspire growth towards always being ready to give a succinct description of what you're doing, and know when decision making needs stakeholder input. Strong overall is to indicate confidence overall, with growth in that space even this cycle: you have been putting more status updates out on your work with regularity, but succinct summaries of the most important information still feel elusive, and there still feels like a growth opportunity in setting clear goals with deadlines and tracking to them. You are held to a higher standard than anyone on the team in this regard, and we should be very explicit about how to phrase this growth as we set expectations upon your return.

When we started this cycle, we intentionally began focusing you more intensely on difficult improvements to product-impactful metrics, while Tyler would begin to be a more broad team lead for the group. This hasn't panned out, and after your leave, we'll want to revisit your place in team leadership, and how to leverage that for opportunities in this space.

Independence and Scope, as well as Business Alignment, represent largest areas for growth, and this is directly tied to the idea of expanding your scope overall. What strategies are we driving across our products? What are we doing to ensure the long-term health of those products, and what should be prioritized in alignment with that level of thinking? I see your influence in discussions and planning, but would suggest that your ownership over the delivery of initiatives other than your own could use more time and thought as a leader.

We've continued to improve and expand your communication as a leader with the team, and know we want to keep an eye open in this space for opportunities to motivate others, and continued awareness of how we communicate effects those who look up to us.

	  
