Reviewer: Aubron Wood

#### **Summary**

* Team Scope  
  * Mosaic Platform Team (T4) \- {Link to Team Impact}  
* Key Focus / Initiatives  
  * Shared Dependencies \- Moving mosaic internally and externally to share critical dependencies.  
* Special Circumstances  
  * Evan is 80% Time

#### **Team Impact Rating**

Unknown

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kw97q69Z\_h7CznIz6PtBImw3eBTST0V2HA7uDjBkVqg/edit\#heading=h.xv2pb8z5g2dv](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kw97q69Z_h7CznIz6PtBImw3eBTST0V2HA7uDjBkVqg/edit#heading=h.xv2pb8z5g2dv)

#### **Impact**

Score  
4

#### **OWNERSHIP**

Score  
4

* **SWE4**  
  * Project Lead for Shared Dependencies  
    * Project spans Mosaic, GNav, VJ, HP (With MOBILE and JASX WIP)  
    * Advocated for shared dependencies as an alternative to direct orchestration of module federation, reviewed blog post with Daniel  
  * Mosaic point-of-contact for IFL  
    * Reviewed proposals as Mosaic “Key partner” (see feedback)  
    * Provided feedback in [\>25 \#ifl-support](https://link.indeed.tech/IDASH4MFT39) threads \[[Example 1](https://indeed-pte.slack.com/archives/C0Q0TTP4P/p1675903690565149?thread_ts=1675898690.064599&cid=C0Q0TTP4P), [Example 2](https://indeed-pte.slack.com/archives/C0Q0TTP4P/p1672176538192859)\]  
  * Subject matter expert for \#sitespeed  
    * Working with Profile on sitespeed to ensure SPA performance observability in globalPagePerformance  
      * Participant in Kickoff meeting as Mosaic representative  
      * Advised on prioritization, order of operations  
    * Shared Dependencies falls under the \#sitespeed umbrella, gave weekly updates to larger working group.  
  * Held orientation meeting for new SMB Unify members after proactively identifying need through increased support load. Filed JIRA ticket to improve onboarding documentation.

#### **ORGANIZATIONAL IMPACT**

Score  
4

* **SWE4**  
  * [Ask’Em Design](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/16vTWVD2F0jn8_2kOfA4bkUgHLEHodH2DHTrZcLDvyUc/edit) \- Completely changed approach and options based on feedback, knowledge provided  
  * SMB including Apollo client \- Advised on technical needs  
  * Mosaic representative for Profile Sitespeed \- Attended kickoff January 17  
  * Mosaic representative for IFL \- Provided feedback on proposals  
  * Cross-team Browser Feature Guild \- Participant, delivered first output \[[BROWSER-2](https://bugs.indeed.com/browse/BROWSER-2)\]  
* **SWE3**  
  * Created the SWE Sync for Mosaic \- weekly engineering working session, bringing up workflow questions, solving problems.  
  * Mentorship  
    * Frequent point of contact for technical guidance for teammates  
    * Recurring onboarding style mentorship for Emma (SWE2), now ended  
    * Mentorship of (Sr Cloud Solutions Eng 3\) Paul Sidze, every 2 weeks since July (Currently on leave)  
  * Volunteered as an early adopter of CNS rewrite (using shared-dependencies), helping to ensure it is stable before broader adoption.

#### **INDEPENDENCE and SCOPE**

Score  
3

* **SWE4**  
  * Project Lead for Shared Dependencies  
    * Simultaneously led engineering effort, served as expert resource for adopting/integrating teams  
    * Cross-team Coordination with Zheming (VJ), Spencer (HP) to integrate with Shared Deps  
    * Adopted first two candidate providers hands-on for rapid diagnosis of issues, resolution of encountered roadblocks.  
    * Shifted work from singular direct execution to parallelization, delegation of effort.  
* **SWE3**  
  * Self drove on Project Lead skills over the cycle \- now communicating and defining work, delivery expectations more effectively  
  * Defining voice in cycle planning

#### **BUSINESS ALIGNMENT**

Score  
3

* **SWE3**  
  * Hands-on adoption of the first two providers to share dependencies, allowing for rapid diagnosis, resolution of encountered issues.  
  * Collaborated with Ben on making lighthouse score inputs available as a recorded metric (TBT, TTI), delegated further work.  
  * Encouraged \#sitespeed through assistance to Profile team, Shared Dependencies work  
    * Regular syncs with Ben on sitespeed, generating work items, finding the right place for them to be actioned on, keeping each other unblocked.  
  * Kept alignment, focus, behind Shared Dependencies as project lead, performed regular rounds of measurement, stakeholder/contributor communication to inform prioritization of focus​​​​​​​  
    * Shared Deps [Reduced JavaScript page weight & TTI for all pages that use GNav, Mosaic](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EbfgpdmDiStp9OY1lJfVJRVBb0zwd1yL9L7Ch0ZxUmA/edit#heading=h.54z70ummhlxr), heavy sitespeed impact.​​​​​​​  
      * Mobile HP \- \>200kb reduction in JS weight (20-25%)  
      * GlobalNav \- 90kb  
      * Mosaic sharing React with GlobalNav \- 30kb  
      * Homepage \- 50kb  
      * \~20kb/provider (RichSearch, JobCards, etc)

#### **SKILLS**

Score  
4

* **SWE4**  
  * Delivered Shared Dependencies as Project Lead  
    * Foundational approach for how JSUI does Module Federation, an established footgun that shared deps provides guide rails for  
    * \~10% improvement to TTI (600-800ms)  
    * [Reduced JavaScript page weight & TTI for all pages that use GNav, Mosaic](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EbfgpdmDiStp9OY1lJfVJRVBb0zwd1yL9L7Ch0ZxUmA/edit#heading=h.54z70ummhlxr)  
  * [Ask’Em Design](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/16vTWVD2F0jn8_2kOfA4bkUgHLEHodH2DHTrZcLDvyUc/edit) \- Completely changed approach and options based on feedback, knowledge provided  
  * After supporting, seeing results from hydrating Mosaic in a separate task, expanded the effort by driving others on similar work in GNav

#### **Calculated PTL**

33%

#### **Next Steps and Career Focus**

### **Next Steps**

* Shared Dependencies has been a great opportunity to identify and start to make progress on improving your Project Lead skills, but I do think there’s more we can do. Specifically, I want to work with you on a framework for estimation/milestones for future projects, so you can exercise muscles around setting and communicating product-style milestone updates to a larger team.  
* You’ve become a bit of a knowledge silo for Module Federation on the team. Let’s ensure others are working in this space, with a potential opportunity to delegate execution on incremental improvements ahead. Simultaneously, I'm interested in finding spaces you are historically light in, and seeing what additional breadth we can add to your leadership on the team, so you can hold more of a mental model of the big picture, and tackle more cross-cutting concerns as a result.

### **Career Focus**

* You are a strong leadership voice on this team, which can be both a useful asset and a heavy responsibility. Others look up to you, and will be influenced by your immediate response and feedback technically and morale-wise. Be Mindful of how your words and actions influence others on the team, and wield that responsibility towards best possible outcomes.  
* The SWE sync has been a great success, and a good opportunity for you to leverage more your role in Mosaic as a leader \- Let’s set mentorship, team development goals to keep expanding those contributions, responsibly leveraging your influence and authority.

#### **At Level**

3 years, 9 months  
